[shospys] BreadcrumbGenerators are now automatically registered in BreadcrumbResolver (#1176)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-v8.0.0.md

    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderInterface` and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly
    - you no longer need to tag your `FriendlyUrlDataProviders` with `shopsys.friendly_url_provider` because it is now done automatically
    - remove the usages of `RegisterFriendlyUrlDataProviderCompilerPass` class and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry::registerFriendlyUrlDataProvider` method because they have been removed
- update your way of registration of `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes ([#1141](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))
	- remove the usages of `FrontBreadcrumbResolverFactory` class as it has been removed.

> 	- you no longer need to tag your `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes with `shopsys.breadcrumb_generator` tag as it is now done automatically

Reviewer: The `shopsys.breadcrumb_generator` tag wasn't used before. Previous implementation relied on `FrontBreadcrumbResolverFactory` with hardcoded typed parameters that were autowired.

Author: Done

	- remove the usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::registerGenerator` method as it has been removed

> 	- update your usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::__contruct()` as it now requires a new parameter

Reviewer: Please use spaced instead of tabs for indentation.

Author: Done

    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderInterface` and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly
    - you no longer need to tag your `FriendlyUrlDataProviders` with `shopsys.friendly_url_provider` because it is now done automatically
    - remove the usages of `RegisterFriendlyUrlDataProviderCompilerPass` class and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry::registerFriendlyUrlDataProvider` method because they have been removed
- update your way of registration of `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes ([#1141](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))
	- remove the usages of `FrontBreadcrumbResolverFactory` class as it has been removed.
	- you no longer need to tag your `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes with `shopsys.breadcrumb_generator` tag as it is now done automatically
	- remove the usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::registerGenerator` method as it has been removed
	- update your usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::__contruct()` as it now requires a new parameter

>     - remove all usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::registerGenerator` as it no longer exists because all `BreadcrumbGenerators` are registered automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderInterface` and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly
    - you no longer need to tag your `FriendlyUrlDataProviders` with `shopsys.friendly_url_provider` because it is now done automatically
    - remove the usages of `RegisterFriendlyUrlDataProviderCompilerPass` class and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry::registerFriendlyUrlDataProvider` method because they have been removed

> - if you have extended `BreadcrumbResolverFactory` then you have to delete it, because all `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes implementing `BreadcrumbGeneratorInterface` are now automatically registered in `BreadcrumbResolver` ([#1141](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- update your way of registration of `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes ([#1141](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))
	- remove the usages of `FrontBreadcrumbResolverFactory` class as it has been removed.
	- you no longer need to tag your `BreadcrumbGenerator` classes with `shopsys.breadcrumb_generator` tag as it is now done automatically
	- remove the usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::registerGenerator` method as it has been removed
	- update your usages of `BreadcrumbResolver::__contruct()` as it now requires a new parameter
```
